Who are Jehovah's Witnesses?
We come from hundreds of ethnic and language backgrounds, yet we share common beliefs and goals.
We worship Jehovah, the God of the Bible, and the Creator of all things.
We are Christians, so we follow the teachings and example of Christ Jesus.
Like Jesus, we strive to be honest, peaceful, law-rebiting citizens of the land where we live.
Even more important, we all follow Jesus' example by regularly spending time,
helping people learn about the Bible and God's Kingdom.
Because we witness or talk about Jehovah God in His Kingdom, we are known as Jehovah's Witnesses.
Each week, we meet together at Kingdom Halls to learn about God in His Word, the Bible.
Our meetings are free and open to the public.
We welcome you to visit us.
To find a Kingdom Hall near you, please accept an invitation from one of Jehovah's Witnesses
or use the online search feature at jw.org.